hi I'm Kate Austen I'm here with Mark
McCarthy from Sparky media productions
what are we doing today mark ok I've
been setting this new camera by red
chalk news review it's the sony hxr nx30
ii and rather than the usual camera
tester thought it'd be quite nice to
take it out indication so what I'm going
to do Kate today is that you were
challenged we're going to have three
hours to record maybe three or
four-minute VT based here in Leon C is a
cold morning it's the first time we've
used it so let's see how you get on
stage shall we
I look forward to it old Leigh is a
fishing village in Essex England
situated approximately 40 kilometres
east of London along the River Thames is
a picturesque
seaside town filled with crafts shops
cockle sheds and beautiful boats and it
was first recorded in the Domesday book
as leg row in 1086 and we're gonna find
out a little bit more about Leon seen
today
two of the old towns pubs the Peter vote
and the old smack Oh their names the
type of local fishing boats used here at
the time however by the 18th century
ships have become larger and trade
changed these Deepwater channel silted
up and the town diminished in importance
people have always traveled from miles
around to sample old Lee's famous sketch
from the theme whitebait shellfish and
locally each day the foods are sourced
and brought here to these counters and
people can pick what they like fresh
from the scene and standing out here you
can really smell the fresh sea smell
people from South End leigh-on-sea and
the surrounding areas can really relate
to
as you're watching me now in these
beautiful surroundings we're watching
the stabilization feature on the camera
so Dan is walking backwards and you can
see that it's extremely smooth can be
used in any circumstance
the completion of the London Tilbury and
Southend railway in 1854 made for
greater trade with London and the rest
of the world
this made Lees a very popular commuter
town with London Workers which is still
is today Lee is a very picturesque and
beautiful scenic place but it's a hub of
thriving activity so all around me you
can hear the whirring and the humming of
JCB's and tractors trying to bringing
the local trade into the center of the
community
so mark who used to working with large
professional cameras on a daily basis
how have you found using the Sony today
small that's the first word that comes
to mind coming from the background I do
you have to be willing to sacrifice a
lot of controls you know we have shutter
speed nd filters you can't go into the
menus on this camera and change things
manually but 90% of time the camera had
things right like exposure etc so it was
good to work with I haven't had it for
too long obviously the more you work
with the camera the better images you
get but certainly it's got a Karzai's 17
ranges lens on the front which look
quite nice we'll see how nice that looks
in that it but it's got a functional
camera and a lot packed in there really
I think for the price would you say it
was easy to use yeah I think anyone who
hadn't really used a camera could pick
this up press the green button the sash
and do an auto and I wouldn't have any
problems at all coming from more
experienced backgrounds you get a bit
more frustrating cuz you want to do
things with it may be that it can't do
but again you have to consider how much
this camera costs and what it can offer
so you think you might be able to use it
in your working day yeah it never be an
ache home for me maybe for web
production it could be the main camera
but you might use it to do locked-off
profile shots and interviews knocked off
maybe shots from cars etc it's got a
good stabilization feature and it's also
got a projector as well you can project
what you've shot on this at home from
the camera to review stuff and share it
with clients so it's a fun camera to use
and certainly at this size okay you can
pop in your bag and take wherever you go
but just like to thank you today Kate
for your time and helping stay all sites
thank Dan keyboard who's behind my Sony
f3 at the moment shooting these data
links and we wish for everything that
you've seen today in three hours
we've been rushing around doing it and
we've done the best we can but sometimes
that's the best way to review a camera
thank you very much for taking the time
to watch today thank you
the completion of the London Tilbury and
South in railway in 1854 paid for
greater trade with London and the
the world this Madeley are very popular
commute to town with London workers
which is still yes today well as you can
see I'm back inside the other suite now
and I'm I've imported the footage into
Sony Vegas Sony Vegas 12 this version
I've used in Sony Vegas since about
version 6 I used it for the last 10
years fantastic piece of editing
software if you haven't used it before
it's well worth looking it seems to
handle a nice in any format from any
camera right I throw in there but back
to the camera footage today you never
quite know when usually you're getting
out in the field I didn't have an
external monitor I was just using the
camera LCD screen wasn't that used to
the camera but looking at the footage
here I've got today I'm really rather
than impressed the skin tones look good
the dynamic range looks pretty good one
of my grapes these days is when you see
local news coverage here in UK at least
and some of the footage just looks
terrible and the camera I think that the
image is this cameras producer they look
way better I mean when you consider how
small this camera is and the price of
this camera I'm really really impressed
with there it's got some great pictures
and I'd certainly put this camera in my
bag on a shoot I mean not saying you
could use it as an a camera but
certainly looking at the footage today
this this this stuff could be broadcast
and it's a fantastic little package and
it's certainly well worth maybe having
to try and have any look and see how you
get on
well that's the end of my feature here
Fred shop news whatever area in
production you might be involved in
filmmaking documentaries energy work
it's well worth fisting red shot news
there's some great content on there and
some very very interesting articles
we can hear the worry
and the humming of JC police in tractus
trying to create the local train
you